samples: cellular_nrf_cloud_multi_service: Improve JITP association (#16789)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

>   * Updated Wi-Fi overlays from newlibc to picolib.
>   * Added the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TEST_COUNTER_MULTIPLIER` Kconfig option to multiply the number of test counter messages sent, for testing purposes.
>   * Updated handling of JITP association to improve speed and reliability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TEST_COUNTER_MULTIPLIER` Kconfig option to multiply the number of test counter messages sent, for testing purposes.
  
  * Updated:

    * Wi-Fi overlays from newlibc to picolib.
    * Handling of JITP association to improve speed and reliability.
```

* :ref:`nrf_cloud_multi_service` sample:

  * Added:

    * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TEST_COUNTER_MULTIPLIER` Kconfig option to multiply the number of test counter messages sent, for testing purposes.

>     * A handler for new nRF Cloud event type ``NRF_CLOUD_EVT_RX_DATA_DISCON`` which stops sensors and location services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * A handler for new nRF Cloud event type ``NRF_CLOUD_EVT_RX_DATA_DISCON`` to stop sensors and location services.
```
To remove the possibility of this being read as the event stopping sensors or services instead of the handler.
